Update customer-key-manage.md (#8594)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-key-manage.md

Running this cmdlet unassigns the currently assigned DEP and reencrypts the mailbox using the DEP associated with default Microsoft-managed keys. You can't unassign the DEP used by Microsoft managed keys. If you don't want to use Microsoft-managed keys, you can assign another Customer Key DEP to the mailbox.

> FOr SharePointOnline, Onedrive and teams please note below: 
> 
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > Roll back from Customer Key to Microsoft managed keys is not supported for SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business and Teams files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Rollback from Customer Key to Microsoft managed keys is not supported for SharePoint, OneDrive for work or school, and Teams files. 
```

Reviewer 2: I haven't been made aware of a branding change. Otherwise, I'm fine with Johan's rewrite. I'd like to change this to 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Roll back from Customer Key to Microsoft managed keys isn't supported for SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, and Teams files.
